we're gallery fantasy use it right now
the home of the residency home of me as
artist-in-residence welcome to the
jungle today we just try to create that
hike man get those sails get that
articles are prices up the debt with the
dangers over the dangers all I want to
see this painting for the one who knows
I gotta get some ghetto trance now
because music music and art I think it's
a key for that piece and I don't feel
that I found that key yet so I'm just
I'm still searching
follows you figure is the people on the
painting see it's a galactic a frozen
thing there is thick people man I'm a
fine artist and then since I learned
that learn how to paint for my mother
but just turning into i also put notes
on canvas so colors tones freestyle make
it happen fast smooth the faster i
painted the more more i could
potentially get paid because artists
time and everything is factored into the
price this is a remix it was another
before and I just felt like doing
something different to it so I want to
turn it into like a flat screen star
like a plasma type TV with that same
sort of size and that same sort of
dimension and then I just outlined these
people they want people here but when I
outline this and they turning the people
are not just tag these black stars and
then just fixed it in and just wrote
this for the one who knows